thank you master off for sponsoring this
video at CES 2018 check out their
Sennheiser 6xx headphones in the link in
the description down below we are here
at Coolermaster checking out their H 500
m and no stops pulled case and we start
off with four tempered glass panels one
just on the sides you can see all the
beautiful internals of your case one on
the top and the front so you can see the
fans and one on the back so you can see
your cable management now the tempered
glass panel on the front can slide out
I'm not going to do it right now because
prototype case and stuff but it can
slide out and you can put in a mesh
grille so if you're worried about the
airflow it's fine don't worry about it
it comes in the box no big deal but it
does also have mesh on each side and
along the top so that these four big
fans can all breathe properly even if
you do decide to leave that tempered
glass in and right now at the show
they're not filtered but they will be
filtered once you guys are able to get
it into your hands I have been told for
front IO its kind of front slash top IO
the power button is the Coolermaster
logo but with no text in it nice and
subtle and it has an illuminated ring
around it to the right of that you've
got a hard drive activity led to the
left of that you have headphone and
microphone jacks and then above you have
tons of USB which is great to see you
have four USB three type-a ports and one
USB type-c port which is awesome I'm
happy that cases are starting to have
these on the front because you're
starting to see more c2c cables out
there in the wild which is really cool
moving on to the inside of the case the
main notable part that you're gonna see
is the power supply shroud it's been
around for a while now but this one does
have a cutout again been around for a
while now but this one is illuminated
which is cool and there's the subtle
outside halo logo as well I kind of
maybe suggested that they also include a
blank in the case just like how they had
the mesh front they would have some swap
ability for you and we'll we'll see what
happens there just in case you have a
different brand of power supply or you
want to orientate it in a different way
or something else there's also the
ever-popular option to mount your
graphics card vertically so if you don't
have two cards like they have in this
setup which is beautiful by the way but
if you don't have two cards you want to
have one and you want to display the
really cool part of the card which you
rarely actually get to see which is at
the side with the fans on it you
mounted vertically you might have also
noticed that the lighting in the room
has changed quite a bit while I've been
hosting this video that is in sync with
what's on screen it's called screen
follow it has to do with their master
Plus lighting control basically anything
that can connect through Wi-Fi or the
internet in your house or a 4-pin which
like fans in the case and whatnot can
all sync together and follow your screen
or just be set to one color whatever you
kind of want to do we even had something
earlier
where they brought paint up on the
screen and then just made the whole
paint a different color and all the
lights in the room wouldn't follow that
color it was pretty cool it's nice
because with traditional setups they're
all separate the Nano Leafs might be one
one mode your computer might be on
another mode other lighting in the room
might be in another mode it gets kind of
messy and you have all these different
controllers and need to sync everything
up and the not great with this setup
it's all done through your computer you
can nicely set it up on your desktop
it's all handled it's all in one
solution better that way
and last but not least let's jump behind
the motherboard panel we did already
mention that there's tempered glass back
here but a good pair for tempered glass
behind another word panel is good cable
management because if you have messy
cables back there it's kind of a
negative to have a tempered glass panel
so they handle all of that for you which
is really cool they have big panels
covering up all the messy cables so you
don't have to worry about it which is a
huge benefit also of huge benefit thank
you to master out for bringing us the
CES 2018 this year check out there is HD
6xx headphones in the description down
below they're USD $200 and they have the
same sound signature of HD 650s which is
cool I have a pair at home they're
comfortable they sound great they're
open just so you know that's an
important thing for audio files out
there but yeah if you like them check
them out the link below other than that
like the video if you liked it just like
the video if you disliked it stay
subscribe for all of our CES 2018
content there's a ton of it like over 40
videos coming eventually I've heard so
we'll see how that goes and I'll see you
guys next time